To whom it may concern:

With this cover letter, I am applying for the position of Junior Data Engineer; please review my résumé attached. Having just graduated with a degree in Computer Science at Wheaton College, I believe I am well equipped for this job. In my studies I have learned many programming languages such as Python, C++, and R. I have also taken classes dealing with the foundations of computing theory as well as a class focused on network security, which is an introduction to the concepts and techniques used for secure network communications. 

During my studies at Wheaton College, I have taken multiple courses taught in Python. My freshman year, I was introduced to this language where we learned everything from arrays to object oriented programming. My sophomore year, I perfected my skills in Python in a class called DNA that put students’ Python skills to practice by building applications that biologists might use. Based on my experience in Python, I have chosen to use this language for the refactoring exercise. I have also taken multiple courses relating to statistics. During the fall semester of my senior year, I took a statistics class called Methods of Data Analysis, which was a fast-paced class that taught how and when to create statistical models based on the situation at hand. We spent a lot of time using R to create visual representations of our work. It was a fun opportunity to combine my passion for computer science with another topic.

For two summers I interned for Bit by Bit, Inc, a computer consulting company located in New York City. My first summer interning there, I spent the majority of my time working on a new project for new software created by Bit by Bit. The software was designed for the 3Bexam, which is an exam all employees who drive for a career must take. This software is now crucial in industries that require commercial licenses, because in 2014, it became mandatory in the state of New York for these employees to renew their licenses on a yearly basis and to have this information electronically recorded. Bit by Bit was one of the first companies to create a program for the 3Bexam and by doing so, built up a large client base for themselves, and I enjoyed being able to watch the software come to fruition. One of my duties was to extract data recorded by the 3Bexam from tables in SQL Server and import them to a calendar in Microsoft Visual Studio, using C#. 

Last summer I interned for the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP), where I helped work on web applications used by DEP employees. For example, one web application I worked on is called the Container Removal Tracking System, which notifies employees when waste containers are getting full and need to be removed. Another job I was tasked with was updating a system used by a physicist that recorded pH levels of water. The user would take a sample of water, attach it to a device which was connected to the computer and used a program written in Python record the pH level in an excel spreadsheet. 
Based on my experience programming experience, specifically in Python and R, I believe I would be a great fit for this position. My high energy and passion for computer science make me a perfect fit for this opportunity. I am available to start the position as soon as possible, and I very much look forward to hearing from you in the near future. Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,
Sam Steinfeld
