How many years of development experience do you have?
Approximately 4 years.

How many years of JavaScript experience do you have?
Approximately 3 years.

How many years of Ruby experience do you have?
Approximately 6 months.

How many years of other high level language(s) if not Ruby or JavaScript do you have?
Approximately 4 years of Python and SQL.

What are your opinions on Agile software development?
As a preface I tend towards being adaptable and open minded.  In short, having the “right” leaders/team members likely influences Agile a lot.  I think it could be a great experience/outcome with the right team but given the same project/team using a different approach might not have as great of an outcome.  As a coder, it sounds like Agile can result in an amazing balance of freedom, challenges and fun.

TDD or BDD?
I am less familiar with BDD than TDD but it sounds like they can be complementary to each other!

Do you have any Ruby or Ruby on Rails experience?
Approximately 6 months of Ruby and Ruby on Rails experience.

What are you looking for in a job?
I am looking for a job where I can allocate more of my time to contributing to/working with a team (both independently within the team and collectively) , mastering a stack, and building something useful!  Much of my last 6 months of coding has centered on rapidly training up on a technology, building simple apps with it, and moving on to another technology.  I’ve learned a lot in this process but am ready to be part of, learn from, and contribute to a team!

Are you legal to work in the US?
Yes.

When can you start?
Now.


"Anything else we should know" bullet:
My preferred tools are pretty boring as they are mostly the result of what was being used when I was learning.  However, one thing I have noticed about the tech/tools are the communities that support them.  First, I started coding by chance.  So when I discovered the Open Source community and the amount of knowledge and effort that is out there working to get to anyone and everyone, I was blown away.  Today it still amazes me who and what is available for us to learn!  My exposure to/experience with Python and Django and their community (including documentation and they are amazing!) has included smart, friendly, and helpful people.  It really is awesome and my understanding and shorter experience with Ruby and Rails has been very similar so far (quite a few Ruby/Rails quotes in the Django REST Framework docs!)!

This exercise was great.  Love the format/idea (pull request etc.) and I already learned so much from it.  Thank you for the opportunity!